Learning Spanish through Short Stories 
Reading culturally interesting and entertaining short stories to enhance your Span- 
ish is an easy way to improve your Spanish language skills. This book contains a 
selection of 100 short stories for beginners with a wide range of genres, all pre- 
pared specifically for Spanish language learners. The aim of this book is to teach 
different Spanish vocabulary and phrases associated with short stories, and to im- 
prove your Spanish  language skills in a short period of time. 

Advance as you read 
Each of the first 80 short stories take about 2 minutes to read and average about 
150 to 200 words. Important words and phrases relevant to each topic were care- 
fully selected. The stories 80 to 100 are longer and slightly more advanced in terms 
of vocabulary. They are followed by multiple choice questions and answers. The 
stories 80 to 90 come with English parallel text, take about 3 to 4 minutes to read, 
and contain some of the vocabulary from the previous stories. The last 10 stories 
take about 4 to 5 minutes to read and consist of most of the previously men- 
tioned vovocabu-lary. 
All stories are written by a Spanish linguist and native speaker from Spain to en- 
sure you can learn from authentic material while fine-tuning your Spanish vocab- 
ulary and improving your comprehension. 
The content is intended mainly for elementary to intermediate level learners, but it 
will also be useful for more advanced learners as a way of practicing their reading 
skills and comprehension of the Spanish language. The stories have been arranged 
according to their degree of difficulty and each story is accompanied by a key 
vocabulary section and story related questions.

Using this book effectively 
For the absolute language beginner it's probably more beneficial if you listen to 
the stories first, and then reading the text aloud. Then review the key-vocabulary 
section and reread the story once more or until you get a grasp of the story. 
Vocabulary will be introduced to you at a reasonable pace, so you’re not over- 
whelmed with difficult words all at once. Here, you won’t have to look up every 
other word, but you can simply enjoy the story and absorb new words simply from 
the story’s context. To learn Spanish effectively you just read each Spanish story at 
a time and study the vocabulary after reading. The Spanish contained here are writ- 
ten using easy-to-understand grammar and vocabulary that both, those at the 
beginner and intermediate levels can understand, appreciate, and learn from. Some 
stories are focused on dialogue. These stories contain loads of natural dialogue, so 
you can learn conversational Spanish as you read. This is doubly beneficial as you 
will improve your speaking ability as well. Over time, you will build an intuitive 
understanding of how Spanish functions. This differs from a more theoretical 
understanding put together via learning rules and conceptual examples. It’s more 
important to reach to finish the story without stopping, then to understand each 
and every word. The simple truth is that you won’t get everything your first time 
around. This is completely normal. 
Free Audiobook in MP3 Format 
At the end of this book, after the last story, you can find the download link for the 
audio file. We have selected 10 of the more extensive stories that you find in the 
book. 